Allow custom SMELT url in OSADO (#20520)
os-autoinst/os-autoinst-distri-opensuse: variables.md

QESAP_INSTALL_GITHUB_NO_VERIFY | string | | Configure http.sslVerify false. Ignored if QESAP_VER is configured.
QESAP_ROLES_INSTALL_GITHUB_REPO | string | github.com/sap-linuxlab/community.sles-for-sap | Git repository where to clone from. Ignored if QESAP_ROLES_INSTALL_VERSION is configured.
QESAP_ROLES_INSTALL_GITHUB_BRANCH | string | | Git branch. Ignored if QESAP_ROLES_INSTALL_VERSION is configured.

> SMELT_URL | string | https://smelt.suse.de | Defines the URL for the Smelt service, which is used for bug and feature tracking.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SMELT_URL | string | https://smelt.suse.de | Defines the URL for the SUSE Maintenance Extensible Lightweight Toolset, SMELT for short.
```
